# Supernovae Creation Configfile 

## Project questions
1. How is the project called? *Network_folder*
2. Description. *Optional short description*
2.5 Do you want us to convert the data? # Data has to be in .bin numpy format. 
3. Do you want to copy your data?
	 # Mandatory if the data is not already in the correct format.
         # Then the input folder should not be stored. 
4. Where is your input data store?
5. Do you want stored all the outputs? # Otherwise 5 samples will be stored.

## Input data
1. What is the dimensionality of each sample? Ex.'1-4'
2. How many variables has every example?
3. Hoow many examples are there?
4. What is the dimensionallity of your data grid? '1-4'
5. What is the size of your example? # For each dimension
6. What is the size of the grid.  # For each dimension 

## Network
**According to the information from the input_data, the recommended architecture is:**
1. Do you want to change it?
2. VAE or LSTM? 
	If VAE:
	Number of layer? # More than 10 are discouraged. 
	Number of filter per layer? # Introduce them in a dict.
2. Theta? # Recomended from (0-1]

## Learning algorithm
1. Wich learning algorith you prefer? 'SGD' or 'SGD with momentum' and 'Adam'
2. Momentum? (0-1) # In case of momentum
3. Beta1 and Beta2 in case of Adam. # Always recommend 0.9 and 0.999
4. Number of epocs
5. Bach size
6. Learning rate
7. Loss function: MSE, L1, mix(Nu)

## Output and Evauation
1. How many reconstruction series do you want to check? # 5 Default. 
2. Do ou want the regression graph? Between reconstrucction and input
3. How do you want to test generaliztion?
	1. Do you have a test dataset in other folder? Which
	2. Uniform random sampling Amount (%)
	3. k-fold Testing? 
	4. Random k-fold?
4. Evaluate the kernel function?
5. Checking compression on the hold out set?
	Same as above
6. How many PC plot?
7. Which PC do you want to see as RGB? # Default 3



